definition.md, before:

# Project Brief
## OlaFresco Website Development
August 16, 2021

## Client Profile
OlaFresco is a company who serves healthy lifestyle through meal kit service. Established in June 2021.

The client works with local farmers in Belgium.

- Company name: OlaFresco
- Company info: Meal kit delivery service 
- Motto: "Stay healthy and easy"
- Brand details: Healthy, local, easy
- Hello fresh

## Project Overview
The client wants to create a landing page explains their meal kit delivery service.

- Website development: www.olafresco.com 
- Good quality tablet, mobile, and desktop responsiveness
- The home page should be minimal in design and deliver a good user experience. Only 4 tabs on the home page (placed on top of the page): About us, How it works, Plans, Menus.

## Project Objectives
- Develop a website for OlaFresco in one month- launch date 25 September- with a total budget of €3,000.

- Website speed and performance should be optimized (score expected: A, on all three devices)

## Target Audience
The target audience is people in Belgium who are between the ages of 25 and 45, busy but  interested in healthy and eco-friendly products. Their main goal is to have tasty food reasonably and keep their family healthy.


## Schedule & Budget
- The project will be evaluated in 3 steps: 
- Step 1: Creation, (design, content)=>Due Date 31/08/2021 (Duration:15days)
- Step 2: Test, Optimization =>Due Date 15/09/2021 (Duration:15days)
- Step 3: Launch =>Due Date 25/09/2021 (Duration:10days)
After each step, the client will provide feedback to the team and the project's scope will adjust according to the feedback received.
Total budget for the project is €3,000. It will be paid after Step 3.

## Success Measure
Success will be measured based on productivity and efficiency; whether or not the development team meets the due dates for Step 1, 2, and 3. Besides the dates, client's feedback on quality and professionalism during each step will be taken into account while overseeing the project.
Click-through rates will be recorded and analyzed according to goals set. 

- Due dates (Step 1,2,3)
- Open and click rates
- Client feedback

Commit message:

update definition of user functionalities

definition.md, after:

# Project Brief
## OlaFresco Website Development
August 16, 2021

## Client Profile
OlaFresco is a company who serves healthy lifestyle through meal kit service. Established in June 2021.

The client works with local farmers in Belgium.

- Company name: OlaFresco
- Company info: Meal kit delivery service 
- Motto: "Stay healthy and easy"
- Brand details: Healthy, local, easy
- Hello fresh

## Project Overview
The client wants to create a landing page explains their meal kit delivery service.

- Website development: www.olafresco.com 
- Good quality tablet, mobile, and desktop responsiveness
- The home page should be minimal in design and deliver a good user experience. Only 3 tabs on the home page (placed on top of the page): About us, How it works, Menus and Plans.


### User functionalities
- Log in (Email, password)
- Sign up (Email, password)
- Error and reset
- Choose plans
- Register plans
- Shipping info confirmation
- Payment info apply
- Checkout

## Project Objectives
- Develop a website for OlaFresco in one month- launch date 25 September- with a total budget of €3,000.

- Website speed and performance should be optimized (score expected: A, on all three devices)

## Target Audience
The target audience is people in Belgium who are between the ages of 25 and 45, busy but  interested in healthy and eco-friendly products. Their main goal is to have tasty food reasonably and keep their family healthy.


## Schedule & Budget
- The project will be evaluated in 3 steps: 
- Step 1: Creation, (design, content)=>Due Date 31/08/2021 (Duration:15days)
- Step 2: Test, Optimization =>Due Date 15/09/2021 (Duration:15days)
- Step 3: Launch =>Due Date 25/09/2021 (Duration:10days)
After each step, the client will provide feedback to the team and the project's scope will adjust according to the feedback received.
Total budget for the project is €3,000. It will be paid after Step 3.

## Success Measure
Success will be measured based on productivity and efficiency; whether or not the development team meets the due dates for Step 1, 2, and 3. Besides the dates, client's feedback on quality and professionalism during each step will be taken into account while overseeing the project.
Click-through rates will be recorded and analyzed according to goals set. 

- Due dates (Step 1,2,3)
- Open and click rates
- Client feedback
